1.  Attach a border of burlywood solid 2px to both tables and centre them both.
2.  Change the text color of the h2 inside of the header tag.
3.  ...give the nav element a class of 'nav'
    ...use the class name to access the anchor tags.
    ...Remove the underline, add padding of 1rem and change the text color to aliceblue.
4.  style the nav element and give it a background color of black and center it in the middle.
5.  give the main element an ID of main. Style it with a margin of 30 px and centre all the text in the main element.
6.  Style all the children elements of aside and give it a dotted border of 10px with a text color of dimgrey.
7.  Style the button by using an Adjacent sibling selectors of aside and change the text color to cornflower blue.
8.  Highlight all article elements that are general siblings of the paragraph element.
9.  Use a univeral selector to change the font family to verdana and the thickness of the text to 800.
10. Search what is a pseudo class and a pseudo element
11. ...Go to the 'parent element' of the h3 element and attach an id of hover.
    ...Use a pseudo class to create a hovering effect when hovering of the 'parent element' to display the hidden h3 element.
    ...The h3 element should have a background color of yellow with a padding of 2rex.
12. Use a pseudo class to set the anchor elements to be purple when clicked.
13. Use a pseudo class to set the first element of the tr element to have a background color of yellowgreen.
14. Use a pseudo class to get the first element(td) of all  tr elements and change the text color to crimson.
    ....Now change it so that it is only changes colour when hovering over it.
15. Use a pseudo class to select the first i element in every p element and change the text color to blue.
16. Use a pseudo class to select all i elements in the p elements and set it to a text colour of peru.
17. Use a pseudo element to change the text color to green yellow when selected/highlighted.
18. Add a class name 'paragraph' to the paragraph element which is below the aside semantic element.
    ...Use a pseudo element and reference the class 'paragraph', change the first line of the text colour to red.
19. Use the same calss name in Ques.18 and change the first letter text colorto blue;
20. Add the following gif before and after the article element, you cant use img tags..you must use a pseudo element
    ...https://media.giphy.com/media/13FrpeVH09Zrb2/giphy.gif